# Problem 27 Notes

### Question analysis
- We are introduced to the formula $n^2 +n +41$ which generates 40 primes for consecutive values of $n$ starting from $0$ to $39$ inclusive.
- Then the problem introduces that once we plug in $n=40$ in, we get a number that is divisible by 41 and therefore not prime. Same for $n=41$.
- Then the problem introduces a second equation that clarifies the question even further: $n^2 - 79n + 1601$. This produces 80 primes for $n$ from $0$ to $79$ inclusive.

We are tasked with using the base equation: $n^2 +an +b$ to find the values of $a$ and $b$ such that the equation produces the maximum number of primes for consecutive values of $n$ starting from $0$. Then multiply a and b together and return the result.

- $|a| \leq 1000$
- $|b| \leq 1000$

Crucially, we start with consecutive n's starting from $0$. Which means we just have to terminate the search when we hit a non-prime number. 

### Approach
- We can iterate through all possible values of $a$ and $b$ in the range of -999 to 999. Currently, as I write this, I am thinking of a brute-force approach. But it may not be feasible as I have to compute a big amount of combinations. Definitely thinking of doing a for loop for $a$ and a nested for loop for $b$.
- Then within the nested loop for $b$, I will have a loop for $n$ starting from $0$ and incrementing it until we hit a non-prime number.
- I will need a function to check if a number is prime.
- I will create a HashMap that has the type HashMap<(Vec<(i64, i64)>, i64)>. The key is $a$ and $b$ and the value is the number of primes generated by the equation for consecutive values of $n$ starting from $0$.
